- The first draft answers were written by me, then given to Gemini to improve.
- I realized that the style of the response is also dictated by the user prompt which is not in my control. So I'm focused more on the content delivered. It's up to the user of Claude/Gemini/ChatGPT/etc. to dictate the style (verbose, explanatory, etc.)
- I noticed that Claude doesn't always include the URLs. Not sure how to improve that.
- Realizing the benefit of having a chat ui interface as it would allow me to better control the model's responses by injecting additional instructions or analyzing the response before it's sent to the reader.
- Asked Claude, Gemini and o3 to evaluate the candidate for six different roles, give a thumbs up/down and a rating (mediocre, average, above average, excellent) based on the portfolio. This gave me a good sense of how my portfolio would come off to a hiring manager.
- I also think that this portfolio could potentially assist the hiring manager by asking the LLM questions to evaluate different desired skills/job requirements/experience requirements, especially those that are not explicitly mentioned but need to be inferred from the body of work.
- I realized long-term patterns in my work that I don't see when I'm in the weeds. For example, for fastbook-benchmark, AgentFastbook, and TinyScaleLab I have focused on evals first while I develop other foundational skills.
- Evaluating the model responses helped me identify gaps in my answers that I iterate upon.
- My concern is that my evals are too high. That usually means I'm measuring the wrong things or my approach is broken. I'll rely on my friends and followers trying this out and giving me feedback which I'll use to improve my evals. It could just be the case that what I'm asking the model to do (give high fidelity responses given a well-structured context) is not very hard.
- I would probably remove "conciseness" as a metric since I didn't have a good sense of how to grade it. I was more interested in completeness, accuracy and hallucinations. I would also remove format adherence for the same reasons. I would replace these with "Acceptable Format" and "Acceptable Conciseness" and make them binary.
